{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1417\margr1417\margb1417\margt1135\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1\viewscale80
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once your algorithm is working prepare your final report. Optimally you should prepare it at least with the 100 cities problem. If your algorithm have problem with it you can also work with 52 cities. 
\f1\i0\b \
Report requirements\

\f0\i\b0 Prepare it using MS Word or similar software. Include your details (name, index).
\f2\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Part 1.  
\f2\b0 Short description of used algorithm - what type of mutation, selection, crossover etc. you implemented. How you determine initial population. How you represent solution. All details about what approach you taken :) \

\f1\b Part 2. 
\f2\b0 Choose few parameters (minimum 2-3 comparison) to test (choose what you want and think is important for final result) it can be for example:\
	1. Size of initial population\
	2. Mutation probability\
	3. Different types of selection\
	4. Selection parameters like tournament size\
	5. How you choose initial population (with/without greedy algorithm)\
Test their influence (let\'92s say for example three different value of mutation probability) on the final result. The tests should be presented with the charts representing best solution in function of generation. The values should be compared for the same seed. If you want you can try to make comparison for few different seeds. Based on the test choose the best set of the parameters so your final solution will be the best :) \

\f1\b Part 3. 
\f2\b0 Compare your solution with best set of parameters with the results for random and greedy algorithm. The table should present results for 10 different runs of your algorithm and then statistical data about it mean (average), standard deviation, variance etc. For the greedy present the best 5 results, and statistical data about all results from the greedy, so once again mean, SD, variance etc. For the random run 1000 tests and present the best value and statistics from whole 1000 runs. \

\f1\b Part 4. 
\f2\b0 Calculate your best solution for other files (11, 52, 100, 150). Make a visualization of your best solution for 2 chosen of them in the matplotlib. \

\f1\b Part 5. 
\f2\b0 Write conclusions. \
Archive your project code and upload both archive with code and report file to the Moodle. Both archive and report file should be named as follows:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 GA_2023_2024_LastName_FirstName
\f2\i0 \
}